= The Release Notes =

= Unreleased =
  * Fixed the "You have lost the fight"/"Zero EXP" noticed fighting drow patrols in Save E
  * Fixed crash when lighting bolt spell hits a wall
  * Turned off the "always on" detect magic effect, that was left in after debugging the issue
  * Fixed 'Paul's save game F' forward into big fight. The combat now actually begins
  * Added a cheat, to allow Saving Throws to always succeed for the party. Some spells however do not make saving throws, and other have lesser spells cast when the major fails
  * Fixed a number of small mistaken translations
  * As always, lots of renaming of the variables/functions

= 1.0.6 =
  * Issue 3 - Detect magic cast when sharing treasure now works, therefore you can see the magic treasure
  * Fixed the function that checks if any team member has a spell, to return the correct team member (and therefore not crash)
  * Paladin's can now cure other players from the 'view player' screen
  * Issue 4 - combat screen background colour is now gray not black
  * Fixed 'Paul's save game E' play problem correctly
  * Fixed combat targeting via the Aim sub-menu
  * Fixed logic in the remove affect code, that meant they where not being removed
  * Translated more assembly, and name/renamed functions and variables as there purpose became clear
  * Fixed the clipping of the combat screen. Large monsters where over drawing the board, which is not redrawn
  * Implemented video ram save/restore so the missile items draw correctly in combat
  * Changed the DaxFileCache to copy data before returning. This slows the game down more, but stops merged pictures from being wrong on second viewings (camp fire in DEMO)
 
= 1.0.5 =
  * Loading saved games with Druids/Ranger/Paladins/Magic-Users/Clerics was not translation complete, and would therefore crash
  * Saving newly created characters incorrectly ask if you wanted to overwrite the file.
  * The display of a characters AC was +/- flipped.
  * The save game from the training menu did not work
  * The item name list was missing a blank string, thus causes items part way through to display with a off by one name.
  * Fixed the calculation of AC bonus from Dexterity
  * Fixed how losing combat was treated, so you now don't get shown the EXP rewarded screen.
  * Scrolling through the party list was broken.
  * Fixed small typo in the code-wheel (even though it turned off in the game)
  * Fixed the display names on spells. The where many blank strings missing.
  * Fixed spell memorizing screen
  * Fixed some menu that would not accept input like Exit
  * Fixed the treasure found code to handle not being in combat (SSI bug)

= 1.0.4 = 
  * Scripted portrait pictures are displayed. This can be seen in the DEMO, with the village picture.
  * Fighter hit points are now correctly limited/managed in the modify player screen
  * The [ and ] keys have been mapped to keypad 'home' and 'end' so the game is playable on laptop keyboards

= 1.0.3 =
  * Fixed the CPU thrashing that occurred while waiting for user input in parts of the game.
  * Many changes have been made so the Demo runs to completion, and now it seams to be exception (crash) free. I had it running for 5 hours at work, with no exceptions.
  * Fixed some code translations issues.
  * Fixed some data translations issues. Used to control menu etc.
  * Worked on Spell memorization menu (not complete)
  * Fixed the synchronisation between the engine and UI so they both shutdown when the window is closed, or the game exited.
  * Made some improvements to how the installer upgrades itself (not very tested or checked in yet)

= 1.0.2 =
  * mistake release

= 1.0.1 =
  * Very first installer build, very alpha.